- Orchestration `punkpay` no args should launch `tui`, `paypunkd` and `keypunkd` and forward the sockets to each process. I think for now injecting socket makes no sense and the socket can be hardcoded.
- For the MVP we can ignore the complexity of running keypunkd on a separate process. Simply run as it's own child process that communicates over ipc.
- I am not a fan of passing in socket locations this should be setup automatically somehow. Use hardcoded values and fail when they are not available.
- We should look to hold a user configuration file in ~/.config/paypunk/ similar
- The user config file should be generated on first run
- Favour hardcoding config and only expose things the user actually needs to configure. We don't need to be super flexible yet. Setup a system where we can easily move configuration between our hardcoded values to user configured values. Favor harddcoded values initially but do NOT hardcode things that we know will definitely eventually be userconfigured.
- Add the ability for paypunkd to manage a database. Use a database repository design pattern - inject this into usecases.
- The database should be encrypted based on a key derived from the users password with a known salt. Use the best parctice in cryptography here. This will be derived from the same user password but MUST ABSOLUTELY NOT be the same key used by keypunkd to encrypt the users seed.
- Add accounts. Accounts should be DB backed and managed through paypunkd. We will need a way to create a new account providing which protocol (eg. ethereum, zcash, btc etc) and which HD wallet derivation path to create the new account from. Creating an account effectively means asking keypunkd for the correct derivation path public information and then saving the account to the database. When the user logs back into the wallet we can do a database query to receive the created accounts. 
- add a minimum 1 line doc comments to all functions in all usecases.rs files briefly explaining the purpose and context of the usecase function.

Take the above notes and continually grill me until you are satisfied you have a clear idea of the intention and process to fix the above. Break them down into atomic steps and order the steps in the best way for development. the steps should be stored under `./project/goals/` in the format of `./project/goals/01_goal.md` etc numbered in order of execution. For each goal have clear acceptence criterion - each goal should include a test description. Keep tests simple and favour unit then integration tests where possible and avoid manual tests unless there is no other simple way to test a goal.
